Handle errors of hardware that happen on read and write. (#546)
ros-controls/ros2_control: hardware_interface/doc/hardware_components_userdoc.rst

For details on each type check `Hardware Components description <https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/getting_started.html#hardware-components>`_.

Handling of errors that happen during read() and write() calls
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If ``hardware_interface::return_type::ERROR`` is returned from ``read()`` and ``write()`` methods of hardware interface, ``on_error(previous_state)`` method will be called to handle any error that happened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``hardware_interface::return_type::ERROR`` is returned from ``read()`` or ``write()`` methods of a hardware interface, ``on_error(previous_state)`` method will be called to handle any error that happened.
```

Error handling follows the `node lifecycle <https://design.ros2.org/articles/node_lifecycle.html>`_.
If successful ``CallbackReturn::SUCCESS`` is returned and hardware is again in ``UNCONFIGURED``  state, if any ``ERROR`` or ``FAILURE`` happens the hardware ends in ``FINALIZED`` state and can not be recovered.

> The only option is to reload the complete plugin, but there is currently no service for this in Controller Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only option is to reload the complete plugin, but there is currently no service for this in the Controller Manager.
```
